v1.4 Fix User Guide Bugs (#258)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F09-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

1. Download the latest `PatientSync.jar` from [here](https://github.com/AY2324S2-CS2103-F09-2/tp/releases).

> 1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your PatientSync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for PatientSync.
```

Author: I agree that this phrasing is better!

Examples:
* `find Bernice` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st patient in the results of the `find` command.

> * `list` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st patient in the results of the `list` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `list` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st patient based on the results of the `list` command.
```

Author: I agree that this phrasing is better!
